Hi guys welcome in this lecture are going to make up of ice cream look much nicer.
Okay.
No, really, you don't need to follow this lecture because you can easily just create your preferred
screen design from scratch.
Okay.
Probably over here because of its equal avatar.
That is the user profile image.
And via you can now just email address of the user via you can have the others of the user and so on.
Okay.
So you don't really need to follow this lecture.
You can just create your own profile designed by yourself.
Okay, now to do this, I'm going to copy this code design.
Okay.
Now from this.
The court is going to be available to you if you don't want to do yours from scratch by yourself.
Okay.
I can't.
I just think I have to scroll down a bit.
And over here.
And it's a copy.
Okay.
That is everything within.
Everything from the scaffold.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
It's fancier.
Okay.
Nice country.
And see.
Then.
For five screenwriters.
Okay.
And we're just going to get rid of this scaffold.
Get rid of this and then piece this.
Okay.
Definitely.
We're going to get some errors, right?
Okay.
Now.
Look, you can see we need.
The.
I think we have it over here.
Okay.
You can see it wants us to initialize this.
We have this copy.
This will basically enable the user to scroll vertically.
Okay.
I think you're going to see this shortly.
You can use this here.
You can see.
Okay.
Now I think of The Wizard of Oz doing these dates.
Yeah.
And.
We have those.
We have this okay.
Within the United States.
Right.
Okay.
We need to praise the Sierra.
It's okay.
So.
I think.
Over a year.
So I.
What we can do is.
Cofidis and.
He's okay.
Okay.
No.
I think also, look, we need to impart this.
Okay.
This.
If you don't know what is in these states, does this.
I mean, these are visits this profile screen is to automatically triggered this function.
Okay.
So that's what it's basically does.
Now this.
Well, to start this and go check before I screen.
Okay.
Profile screen.
You can see.
Can see.
Like I said, you don't really need to do something like this.
You can have your own profile design, probably you can have the email address, then you can then display
the email on the can.
Just basically do this with something, not as least tie.
They've done the watch list.
Science, you can let me know.
So I'm going to make a video or that for you.
This basically the stock is in on watch.
Difficulty.
Yeah, shortages.
That is going to take some time.
Mostly this variable just is basically just a you can use a column for this.
This is a divider, it says.
And there's a list that is to tie to.
And I think we have in the list.
So we have the types of property, we have the subtitle, we have the trailing and others.
Okay.
So now we're going to display it.
Right.
Okay.
So this is where we have the email address.
Right now, you can see this is the least what we just did was to make it reusable.
That is, we created just one this die.
I made its words reusable so that I will love clothes.
Okay, so don't let this confuse you.
It is not really a widget, but we just made just one list.
I think you can see.
You can see the tie to the subtitle and that that's basically the property of at least life.
You don't know all this is you can just let me know.
So this is just erasable widgets, okay.
So if I.
Get out the dollar sign.
I didn't call their name, I think.
Email.
And over year.
You can't see on this score.
So.
Yeah.
Okay.
So.
And call the underscore name.
I think that was a tough field.
We of fresh so far you can see just do some walk away.
You ready?
No rights.
Okay.
You can had some more fruits of air.
And why?
If you've forgotten, you can just.
Try to see if you can go back to that lecture or I don't just copy and write.
I just do that.
You can just actually copy everything here.
Copy everything you write.
And then.
Create your own folks.
Chance you get the.
Data from the faster better save that is this function.
Try to write this yourself, okay?
And do the same thing.
Remember, we are basically using the in this date and that's automatically what reviewed the.
We just because when we actually reload that page it was showing now.
So this is one click refresh or review.
Okay the harder we start this.
Maybe.
Don't show this, Dad, you can.
Please do let me know.
So I will try my best to explain more for you.
Okay.
Now we stop this and.
Okay, I think.
Okay.
Great.
You can see.
He's been this way.
I think for some reason our Bulldogs are not just been on time, but we have to look for a way to sort
that out.
Okay.
Okay, great.
So now in this lecture, we are going to fetch the race data that we have, the number of field or so
I don't really know.
Okay.
You can see we also do have the joint dates.
You can just fish for this data.
Okay.
As well, we have the image.
So in this lecture, there is some more data we have in the faster database.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.